# QuickCreator
  This directory houses the first and one of the biggest projects I have ever worked on of my own volition: the QuickCreator drawing and typing program. First, some context: I was first introduced to programming in the 9th grade, when I took a small, one-semester computer science elective centered around the Python Turtle module as I was attending an online public high school system in California known as the [California Virtual Academies](https://cava.k12.com). I had already harbored great love for mathematics from a young age, so when I was introduced to the equally logically, algorithmically and heuristically intensive realm of programming through the aforementioned elective, I was immediately engrossed. I became extremely fascinated with both the theoretical and pragmatic facets of programming, and what was at first a hobby quickly tranformed into a planned career-path. Programming has since ended up becoming what I spend the greatest amount of time with both learning about and practicing. I am absolutely enamored by it and wouldn't have it any other way. It keeps me on my toes and my mind sharp and focused, as well as bestowing that incredible feeling of euporia once a tough problem is solved, a very common feeling when I was working on this project.

  That is not to say that I don't have other interests or am an introvert, although the latter is not particularly a bad thing. I am a staunch advocate for the averting of ignorance through the dissemination of knowledge conducive to a fulfilling life and the maintenance of a rationally-minded and well-rounded population of informed and caring individuals. I believe that knowledge is one of the most valuable and transcendent commodities this world has to offer and is what truly holds the fabric of society together. Knowledge is what allows us to learn from our past mistakes and build off of past discoveries. Learning allows us to innovate rather than constantly reiterate. Without persistent and new knowledge, society as we know it would fall to ruin. As such, I absolutely love learning new things, whether it be through reading or listening, or whether it pertains to mathematics, technology, science, history, language, or theology. I indeed look forward to and value the acquisition of a variety of new information everyday. I try to best to stay well informed about current socio-political, scientific, mathematical and technological affairs, although school and other happenings may occasionally get in the way. In addition to valuing knowledge, I am also a very sociable an open-minded person -- an extrovert of sorts. I enjoy solving tough mathematical problems (Calculus, Number Theory, Geometry, etc.) in my spare time, as well as reading and writing. I enjoy photography as well.

  That's enough about me. Now onto the meat of the matter. The project contained within this directory started out as a simple assignment: Using the Python Turtle, draw to the screen the letter asocciated with the applicable key pressed. However, I, as interested and inquisitive an individual as I was from a young age, took the assignment much further and eventually crafted it over a period of several months into a pretty much fully-fleged Tkinter and Turtle based drawing and typing application boasting a wide array of features, including but not limited to a completely customizable typing and drawing style, character and word-counting, undoing and redoing, saving, restoring, and the inserting of external images. That is not to say the program is completely bug-free. There are definitely quite a few bugs one may uncover. However, after working on this project for so long, I had decided to move on and expand my programming horizons. The fact that I entered a brick-and-mortar high school during the following school year had also gotten in the way. So this project was never completely finished, and I hadn't touched it again until now, in 2018, three years later. It has been so long that I don't plan on resuming work on this project. I also don't have as much time as I used to, especially as I am soon to begin formulating my college applications. As such, this project will indefinitely remain as it was when I had stopped working on it. It should still will be a joy to use, nonetheless. One may also not that the project is not documented very well, an unfortunate side effect of me being so heavily involved in programming and not as stringently in the documentation process. Consequently, this README will serve as your only guide throughout this project, so be mindful of it. There are also many comments dispersed throughout the various files: Please disregard those. Many of those are commented out code. The program still works fine without those blocks of code.

  With that, I hope you enjoy using this (potentially-buggy) application as much as I enjoyed making it during the 9th grade!

---

Over the course of working on this project, I was quite inexperienced with programming and made a few mistakes that were difficult to remedy. As a result of the inexperience, I had ended up repurposing the official Turtle module file that comes pre-packaged with every Python distribution, and this is what makes up the bulk of the final version of the program, 'turtle2QuikCreator#2.py', which *must* be invoked with **Python 3.5** using [**IDLE and tkinter with Tcl/Tk**](https://www.python.org/download/mac/tcltk/). [Ghostscript](https://www.ghostscript.com) and the [Python Imaging Library (PIL) module](http://www.pythonware.com/products/pil/) are required for many functionalities of the program as well.

This directory is structured as follows:

     * the "AutoFile" files are files automatically generated and used by the program when embedding and working with images;
     * the "Cursors" directory contains the sprites of various cursors used at different points throughout the program;
     * the "Images" directory contains the various icons used for crafting the user interface.

Nearly all the mathematics in the program was done by me, based on the knowledge I possessed at the time.

---

Of course, I cannot make do without giving credit where credit is due. Throughout my work on this projet, I asked many questions on [Stack Overflow](https://stackoverflow.com), and many kind and gracious individuals there came to my aid throughout the process. In fact, most of my questions on Stack Overflow to this day have to do with this project. So please, visit my [Stack Overflow profile](https://stackoverflow.com/users/5661257/r-kap) and give an upvote to answers by those very intelligent and helpful individuals. They absolutely deserve a lot of credit for helping me so well when I was highly inexperienced in programming yet still decided to take on such a daunting task myself. I woudn't have been able to get to this point in this project without the help of the phenomenal Stack Overflow community.




     